so what makes a
joker like you want to join the united
states me for
this guy had a face like death and every
other word out of his mouth was joker
god damn joker
uh well i just been seeing on the news
you know that there are kids dying over
there
you know guys from cleveland who are my
age
just trying to do something good and
here i am feeling sorry for myself
because my girlfriend broke up with me
damn she broke your heart
you searching for that gold in the
gutter a sense of purpose
right yeah
a sense of purpose god damn
tell you about purpose i like him i was
too easy
he knew he had me and so by the next day
i was sworn in against all enemies
foreign and domestic foreign and
domestic
[Music]